We are now recruiting staff for Jesus May Ball, if you are interested please complete the application form below and email to mayball-staff@jesus.cam.ac.uk or UMS to Claire Singleton at Jesus College.

Most staff will not be paid but will work half of the ball and be given half off.  

There are several paid positions, such as Court Supervisor, with more responsibility and limited time off.  If you wish to be considered for one of these positions please indicate on your application.

Staff will be expected to work between the hours of 6.30pm Mon 13th June until 6am Tues 14th June.

Staff will be expected to wear black trousers/skirt and a white shirt.

If you have any queries please contact me at mayball-staff@jesus.cam.ac.uk.


Positions Available
 
Drinks waiter / waitress
Drinks waiters / waitresses will essentially pour and serve drinks and organise a bar, but may also have to restock drinks and ice, collect glasses and load dishwashers.   Bar experience is useful but not necessary.


General Worker
You will be required to pick up litter, restock drinks and ice, collect glasses and load dishwashers.


Cloakroom Attendant
You will work in a pair taking coats and bags for guests.


Security Staff
You will be responsible for helping ensure the safety of the Ball for guests; preventing the entry of intruders to the Ball and ejecting intruders from the Ball.


Fire Steward
You will be required to monitor numbers of guest in certain areas.  All fire stewards must be fire trained by attending a meeting no longer than 45minutes prior to the date of the ball.


Terms and Conditions apply, see www.jesusmayball.com for details.

Application to work at Jesus May Ball 2004
(Monday 14th June)

Personal Details

Name :

College :

Email Address :

Year :

Position/s applied for (drinks waiter/general worker/cloakroom attendant/security staff/fire steward):
(Please rank by  preference)
1.

2.

3.

Please give details of any experience relevant to the positions applied for:






Is there anyone you would like to work with?  Please specify:


Have you worked at Jesus May Ball before?

How did you hear about working at Jesus May Ball?


Any additional information:





Please email back to  mayball-staff@jesus.cam.ac.uk  or UMS to Claire Singleton, Jesus College
